add an example about accessing internal workloads (#201)
stacklok/docs-website: docs/toolhive/guides-cli/network-isolation.mdx

This approach is more flexible since you can easily change the host directory
without editing a profile file.

## Accessing other workloads on the same container network

To allow an MCP server to access other workloads on the same network, you need
to configure network isolation to include the appropriate hostnames and ports.
This is commonly needed when your MCP server needs to communicate with
databases, APIs, or other services that are running on your local host during
development.

> For example, in Docker environments, you can use `host.docker.internal` to
> access services on the host.
> 
> > **Note:** `host.docker.internal` is a special hostname provided by Docker that resolves to the host machine's IP address from within containers. This allows containers to access services running on the host system.

Reviewer: Fix formatting and normalize with the UI guide:

```suggestion
For example, in Docker environments, you can add `host.docker.internal` to
access services on the host. `host.docker.internal` is a special hostname
provided by Docker that resolves to the host machine's IP address from within
containers.
```
